she is
everybody again good time of day and not
although my video has ended
accidentally battery on the moment when
rented beautiful buildings that we
michael built so i changed
the battery is back in the room here is our hotel
from the inside here are the same hotel
and the most important thing here as you see is
mega bed and near fur pools
Kamensky hid
Here is this lichku Itsa which quite
lost fear and kakheti said if you
you sleep then aids and they both sat on
Kamensky, how do you explain yourself
this is the behavior of all people about their
hid let's go open the room for me and
smear me
oiled and we go yes I already burned down and we
let's go take a picture
Well, where in the city there but how much
time because we lead I need to change clothes
what year in black to walk
card not
anoint me who will let's go get up
get up come on and marichka cut you there
on the beach wants you to come to them
I didn’t want to go to the beach there
Already the seas are hot Not fashionable suction that you
thought you were your eyes 2
Well and how to buy something than to people there
was so busy
slept here is such a costa brava
you saw al is the sea and now you
see the artificial sea and here at all
blue and yes as it should be nobody there
does not write to Kamensky here such here
the hotel is four stars for costa brava
very interesting trees here they grow
no needles at all special breed
Christmas tree well we go further in the room yes oh
how good are people about beer shoes about here
lie there right then there is a drink
Intenet and I already burned
laugh, but Misha came to get a fotik, I
come to stand against me
you need to change the card in the camera because
I already wrote 16 travel notes
There they then publish Well, how do you on
costa brava
and the weather like this forever green
land where the sun always shines everywhere
always warm water you felt it
well it's me
this Kamenskoe bring me now
purely relaxed and to Minsk too
you can see in a purely purely times tropu
so but then you come back will you go on
the beach and the people are waiting there and there
here we go upstairs will do
so be it a tour I pounded 15 minutes
Well, because I wanted to understand why me
wet running nothing let as
harem alive I already feel like have reduced
shish rustles
well i will spoil by time i will
I asked you to leave the photo without leaving
electronic open and see
such a number I did not shoot a number
there is toilet bath gd there is trouble
necessarily a bunch of all the bars only kia
I will not be a head wash peaches for the sake of
watermelon a bunch of electronics you need
it was charging so it charged judging
because it burns so that the little green
we have left curled canadian remove yes
well go to the sailors he runs it
actually asked her to take part
mihaila will suit this one in this village
even the bus goes
you see the bus crowd of people
which car rides parked there
a bunch of taxis and taxis are inconsistent in
Mostly big type super all not
smear well and then opposite one more here
I understand the apartments that are rented
for rent and a bunch of strolling people
that's all costa brava
Here is the weather now by the way we have
how many 26 degrees that 36 poured to
disintegration of capacity
one more time well, well, 26 degrees is not hot
enough and again point went
beautiful, I hope a little late afternoon
they will come and we can we such a castle
lined up Christmas tree like a racy
the president is new personally to the Kamensky tree
Kamenskaya where are you cool here not good
even with the conditioner ram turned off and everything
turn on the condition at full power on
maximum cooling and d and meter well
here actually is our rest
yes that is first floor quarter or 5
minutes to the sea farther to me even further than
not to work
Ivan the crowd already felled from the sea ​​because
it's getting hot
[music]
or Russian they stoked beat pushed hand
no
[music]
and I heard the theme of the gusk on the beach and
send a Russian word oh how much is our me
but soon everything will be ours
and the police have already arrived someone
pick up arrest cars see
[music]
it's a marriage that's what he says is real
teacher
darkness so he's looks like a marriage see
we go into the dusk to get out the amount when i
already finished